#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-import-export
django-import-export==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
eval-type-backport==0.2.0
    # via mistralai
faiss-cpu==1.9.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   mistralai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
import-export==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via mistralai
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.24
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-huggingface==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-mistralai==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markuppy==1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mistralai==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pgvector
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via langchain-community
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via mistralai
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via langchain-huggingface
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tablib==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.47.0
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   dj-database-url
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   mistralai
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
